# 关于本书
Grokking Deep Learning was written to help give you a foundation in deep learning so that you can master a major deep learning framework.

>本书旨在帮助你在深度学习上奠定基础，以便您可以从更高层面掌握的深度学习主要框架。

It begins by focusing on the basics ofneural networks and then switches its focus to provide an in-depth look at advanced layers and architectures.

>它从神经网络的基础开始，然后深入研究高级网络设计和架构。

# 目标读者

# 章节
This book has 16 chapters:
* Chapter 1 focuses on why should you learn deep learning, and what you’ll need to get started.

第一章：为什么要学深度学习，入门基础。

* Chapter 2 starts to dig deep in fundamental concepts, such as machine learning, parametric and nonparametric models, and supervised and unsupervised learning. It also introduces the “predict, compare, learn” paradigm that will continue through the following chapters.

第2章：深入研究基本概念，例如机器学习，参数和非参数模型以及有监督和无监督学习。

* Chapter 3 will walk you through using simple networks to make a prediction, as well as provide your first look at a neural network.

第3章：使用简单的网络进行预测，并提供有关神经网络的初步介绍。

* Chapter 4 will teach you how to evaluate the predictions made in chapter 3 and identify errors to help train models in the next step. xviii about this book

第4章：介绍如何评估第3章中的预测并识别误差，为下一步进行模型训练奠定基础。

* Chapter 5 focuses on the learn part of the “predict, compare, learn” paradigm. Using an in-depth example, this chapter walks through the learning process.

<!-- 隐藏，先不翻译 -->

* In chapter 6, you’ll build your first “deep” neural network, code and all.
* Chapter 7 focuses on the 10,000-foot view of neural networks and works to simplify your mental picture.
* Chapter 8 introduces overfitting, dropout, and batch gradient descent, and teaches you how to classify your dataset within the new network you just built.
* Chapter 9 teaches activation functions and how to use them when modeling probabilities.
* Chapter 10 introduces convolutional neural networks, highlighting the usability of structure to counter overfitting.
* Chapter 11 dives into natural language processing (NLP) and provides foundational vocabulary and concepts in the deep learning field.
* Chapter 12 discusses recurrent neural networks, a state-of-the-art approach in nearly every sequence-modeling field, and one of the most popular tools used in the industry.
* Chapter 13 will fast-track you on how to build a deep learning framework from scratch by becoming a power user of deep learning frameworks.
* Chapter 14 uses your recurrent neural network to tackle a more challenging task: language modeling.
* Chapter 15 focuses on privacy in data, introducing basic privacy concepts such as federated learning, homomorphic encryption, and concepts related to differential privacy and secure multiparty computation.
* Chapter 16 will give you the tools and resources you need to continue your deep learning journey.
